docs: Getting started + React (#506)
emdgroup-liquid/liquid: src/docs/pages/introduction/getting-started/vue.md

## Install

Add Liquid Oxygen to your project with the package manager of your choice.

```sh
npm install @emdgroup-liquid/liquid
```

<ld-notice>
  Liquid Oxygen works with any package manager (e.g. <code>npm</code>, <code>yarn</code> or <code>pnpm</code>). For simplicity, we use <code>npm</code> in this guide.
</ld-notice>

### Import stylesheet

All Web Components are loaded togehter with their styles embedded. Therefore we only need to import the global stylesheet for Liquid Oxygen.

Add the following code to your `App.vue` file (or any similar file which is loaded for every page).

```html
// App.vue
<script setup lang="ts">
  import '@emdgroup-liquid/liquid/dist/css/liquid.global.css'
</script>
```

## Usage

When adding Liquid Oxygen components to a Vue project, it is crucial to use the Vue bindings. All components are imported from `@emdgroup-liquid/liquid/dist/vue`. The bindings significantly improve Vue compatibility and your developer experience.

Let's have a look at how to add a [LdButton](components/ld-button/) to your project. This examnple also includes a [LdIcon](components/ld-icon/) as it helps you to check if Liquid Oxygen assets are loaded correctly.

```html

> // SampleComponent.vue

Reviewer: This line probably messes up the syntax highlighting. Try this:
```suggestion
<!-- SampleComponent.vue -->
```

<script lang="ts">
import { LdButton, LdIcon } from '@emdgroup-liquid/liquid/dist/vue'
<script>

<template>

>   <LdButton>

Reviewer: We should use complete examples for Vue here, including the component definition, i.e.:

```html
<script lang="ts">
import { LdTypo } from '@emdgroup-liquid/liquid/dist/vue'
import { defineComponent } from 'vue'

export default defineComponent({
  name: 'App',
  components: {
    LdTypo,
  },
})
</script>

<template>
  <ld-typo>Hello</ld-typo>
</template>
```

Please take note of the `kebab-case` component tags within the template.

Author: Based on the stencil documentation defineComponent is not required for lazy dist components which we still unfortunately use because of an issue with tree-shaking of the react / vue output target. https://github.com/ionic-team/stencil-ds-output-targets/issues/255 

Docs for vue & stencil: https://stenciljs.com/docs/vue

although I will adjust all exmples using kebab-case. 
Additionally I add another script tag including setup as this seems to be necessary when importing the components.

    Click me!
    <LdIcon name="energy" />
  </LdButton>
</template>
```

When you put this component on a page, you should see a blue button with the text "Click me!" and a lightning bolt icon.

### Events

Liquid Oxygen components aim to work similarly to native HTML elements as much as possible. In most cases, you can expect the same events and behavior from a Liquid Oxygen component and its native equivalent. Custom events are documented on the respective component pages.

Let's take our button from above and add a click handler.

```html
// SampleComponent.vue

> <script lang="ts">

Reviewer: This is not quite how a typical component looks like in Vue. You would rather use a [method handler](https://vuejs.org/guide/essentials/event-handling.html#method-handlers). [Here is a nice complete example](https://sfc.vuejs.org/#eNp9UV1LwzAU/SvXILjB1ryXOhQEfVHffMpDs/auzWyTktxWYfS/m2RLEQdCaXK/zrk558QehyGbRmQ5K1xl1UA7ofF7MJagxoMcO4KT0AC1JLlan+8AFmm0OkUAWvaYw93HiNnR3Z2zczjmTfj3SK2pXZ4GGotIK5xQ0wIJwDmU1CpXgtJO1ZjGYDBKkwMyQC1CNVrrB0FWpCYMvSR1hQlFdmhpVb5g1xm4PQXALKw335Tr30yR3VN5XA+qZQR7en+FWEid6gBXeyaOmM9I2gbD0bx5loUivj6JILT/Cr4I7APCfugkYYio2I9ERsND1anq816wKJBgu+dwFvxc9q0FX+bYhqk++LTt5eBVN9p7GHcUl4ITbFFcMG9yiAVriQaXc+4OVXD+6DJjG+5vmR01qR4zdP12b82XQ+uBBYseXjC4T05ot96CGi3a/zD/tF7hJm3Y/AOPytj0).

  import { LdButton, LdIcon } from '@emdgroup-liquid/liquid/dist/vue'
  function say(message: string) {
    alert(message)
  }
<script>

<template>
  <LdButton @click="say('Clicked!')">
    Click me!
    <LdIcon name="energy" />
  </LdButton>
</template>
```

> Please notice the @ notation of the `@click` prop. This is the expected [Vue convention](https://vuejs.org/guide/essentials/event-handling.html) but differs from the native `onclick` attribute and [documentation](https://www.w3schools.com/tags/ref_eventattributes.asp). As we do not explicitly document these events, you need to apply this convention yourself. Typescript and your code editor's IntelliSense will assist you with that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please notice the `@` notation of the `@click` prop. This is the expected [Vue convention](https://vuejs.org/guide/essentials/event-handling.html), which differs from and should not be confused with native [inline event handlers](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/Building_blocks/Events#inline_event_handlers_—_dont_use_these). As we do not explicitly document these events, you need to apply this convention yourself. Typescript and your code editor's IntelliSense will assist you with that.
```

Reviewer: Historically w3schools has been seen as a flawed resource (see https://meta.stackexchange.com/questions/87678/discouraging-w3schools-as-a-resource). It has improved by now, but it's still a resource which I personally don't trust, like I trust mdn or or the w3c or whatwg docs (which w3schools has no affiliation with, btw). This event attributes page of the w3schools is a perfect example for being out of date.

TLDR: If you just want to list existing event handlers on elements, the document and window object, use this URL:
https://html.spec.whatwg.org/dev/webappapis.html#event-handlers-on-elements,-document-objects,-and-window-objects

## Sandboxes

This guide shows you how to get started with Liquid Oxygen in your Vue project. Additionally, we provide several sandbox applications showing how to use Liquid Oxygen in various environments:

- [Liquid + Vue + Nuxt](https://stackblitz.com/github/emdgroup-liquid/liquid-sandbox-nuxt-tailwind)
- [Liquid + Vue + Vite](https://stackblitz.com/github/emdgroup-liquid/liquid-sandbox-vue-tailwind)

> If you still struggle integrating Liquid Oxygen, feel free to [get in touch with us](https://teams.microsoft.com/l/channel/19%3aeae3b35b0cbf42659e45c2b5592e0c0e%40thread.tacv2/General?groupId=88f23881-53e2-4a99-ad5c-8188c1087bbf&tenantId=db76fb59-a377-4120-bc54-59dead7d39c9).

Reviewer: I'm nur sure I'm happy with promoting Teams but not GitHub discussions here. Feels like a closed club to me. I like that we are offering ways to ask for support though. Maybe we can add a get in touch page somewhere at the end of our trouble shooting section, where we list all possibilities to get in touch with us, and link to that page instead?

Author: Very good argument.
I'll add the discussions page as the go to place and add teams as an alternative option 🤔. If someone tries to access teams and fails due to be an external user he still may use github discussions. On the other hand I think I'd like to avoid to explain the difference here. Let's  just use the discussions. 

```suggestion
If you still struggle integrating Liquid Oxygen, feel free to [get in touch with us](https://github.com/emdgroup-liquid/liquid/discussions).
```

```

<ld-notice>
  Liquid Oxygen works with any package manager (e.g. <code>npm</code>, <code>yarn</code> or <code>pnpm</code>). For simplicity, we use <code>npm</code> in this guide.
</ld-notice>

### Import stylesheet

All Web Components are loaded togehter with their styles embedded. Therefore we only need to import the global stylesheet for Liquid Oxygen.

Add the following code to your `App.vue` file (or any similar file which is loaded for every page).

```html
<!-- App.vue -->
<script setup lang="ts">
  import '@emdgroup-liquid/liquid/dist/css/liquid.global.css'
</script>
```

## Usage

When adding Liquid Oxygen components to a Vue project, it is crucial to use the Vue bindings. All components are imported from `@emdgroup-liquid/liquid/dist/vue`. The bindings significantly improve Vue compatibility and your developer experience.

Let's have a look at how to add a [LdButton](components/ld-button/) to your project. This examnple also includes a [LdIcon](components/ld-icon/) as it helps you to check if Liquid Oxygen assets are loaded correctly.

```html
<!-- SampleComponent.vue -->
<script setup lang="ts">
import { LdButton, LdIcon } from '@emdgroup-liquid/liquid/dist/vue'

> <script>

Author: 🤦‍♂️

> <script>

Author: 🤦‍♂️
